uncharted 4 has been delayed that's
either very sad we all wanted to play it
this year always very good because no
one wanted to play Nathan Drake's next
game with the noticeable feeling that
it's not very good but don't worry
people because Sony has you covered
maybe while many are still trying to
work out how exactly no man sky will
play out it has the potential to be one
of those games that becomes a beast onto
itself like minecraft incredibly
ambitious and yet free of the pitfalls
that often affects the big budget
publishing houses hallow games is
pretend you live in space sim could be
immense if that's how it all works out
then you can forget about enchanted and
go explore 18 quintillion worlds instead
which is what the developer is touting
it to have and while we're here let's be
honest that's too much it's too big
it is utter nonsense still as a timed
exclusive you can let no man sky fill
your ps4 days and hope that when it
drops on the Xbox one Naughty Dog's game
is finally out - blood-borne is
basically already out it's so close you
can taste it your Dark Souls like chops
salivating at the thought of having your
ass handed to you over and over and over
again while you pretend to like it even
though on the inside you're dying
sadness but herein lies the point even
if you run to your local gaming shop on
day one hug the clerk behind the desk
before legging it back to your house to
get going on blood-borne there's every
chance that come the end of the year
there's still so much to try and get
done no one can ever say the franchise
as a whole was lacking in content often
asking you to put hundreds of hours in
before you could even be classed as good
in many ways that's a huge problem this
is not the time or place sure the idea
of revisiting a game is not the same as
a brand new experience over your end of
year break but blood-borne will still be
there for you waiting to give you a
comforting embrace as a log fire burns
in the corner wonderful as things stand
we know nothing officially when it comes
to a new god of war game so we wait and
we wait angrily
if that's how Kratos would have wanted
it but there is a small event coming up
known as e3 where Sony could surprise us
it's pretty likely a new version will be
announced and if it is why not release
it at the end of the year if you now
have uncharted ready to go in 2016
admittedly this relies on one huge
factor it actually has to be finished
but that is more than a worthy
substitute hell it may even be a bail
one uncharted 4 is dead when it comes to
this year gone vanished extinct out
burnt banished taken out back and shot
in the face but that just opens the door
for Sony to take a leaf out of the
what's currently popular in games book
and release the Uncharted trilogy
remastered for the PlayStation 4 the
original Titleist did a lot of fun and
criminally underrated in many ways
whereas two is arguably one of the best
games of the modern era three may have
been a slight misstep but it still has
some terrific moments
so getting to relive that all over again
only this time on your ps4 is no bad
thing in fact it's a very good thing and
while remasters get a bad rap in
situations like these it doesn't have
soften what many see to be a devastating
blow and hell maybe this time people
will actually play the multiplayer Sony
has forsaken you Uncharted 4 has been
delayed your dreams are crushed all hope
is gone success now nothing more than a
memory so sell your ps4 get an Xbox one
and play Tomb Raider exclusively for a
little bit while flipping off those
around you everybody wins
Annie I'm detective Inspector Tom
McLeish and this is a shape bag test
click the hoenn subscribe if you don't
get a shape bag and you're going in
there neat